By accessing and using this site, you accept the following terms and conditions, without limitation or qualification.

Unless otherwise stated, the contents of this site including, but not limited to, the text and images contained herein and their arrangement are the property of  GTCSYS SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED. All trademarks used or referred to in this website are the property of their respective owners.

The User shall be deemed to have accepted and agreed to the following terms and conditions:

TheGTCSYS SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED name and logo are trademarks, which belong to and are owned GTCSYS SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED Limited. These trademarks may not be used in any manner whatsoever without prior written consent from GTCSYS SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED Limited. By using the Site, the User agrees to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions and these terms and conditions may be revised or modified at any time by GTCSYS SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED without any notice to the User:

The term “User” shall mean the User who is browsing the website. All content present on this Site, including all text, images, graphics, video and audio used on this Site, the software, is exclusive and proprietary material owned by GTCSYS SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED.

GTCSYS SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED  makes no warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The website and all information, software, products materials, and services provided on the site, are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. No material from this site may be copied, modified, reproduced, republished, uploaded, transmitted, posted or distributed in any form without prior written permission from GTCSYS SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this Site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws, and could result in criminal or civil penalties. GTCSYS SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED may monitor access to the Site. GTCSYS SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED may terminate the User’s access to the Site at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination.

GTCSYS SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED shall have no responsibility for any damage to User’s computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. may unilaterally change or discontinue any aspect of the Site at any time, including, its content or features.

You are responsible for complying with the laws of the jurisdiction from which you are accessing this site and you agree that you will not access or use the information on this site in violation of such laws. Unless expressly stated otherwise herein, any information submitted by you through this site shall be deemed non-confidential and non-proprietary. You represent that you have the lawful right to submit such information and agree that you will not submit any information unless you are legally entitled to do so. Because of the open nature of the Internet, we recommend that you not submit information you consider confidential.
